yo wassup reduce its money p mr ADHD
back again for another commentary and
today we're going to be talking about
spanos now we all love spanish right you
know the people that comment on your
channel with your user name and a low
flight at the end you know little arrow
with free at the end you know we all
love that we all love when people with
spam our YouTube in boxes with let's
just like come check out this video you
may not have seen it yet all sorts of
different things that gap and of course
you can't forget the YouTube spam is
that spam you'll escape with Otto's
youtube links saying like in comment
I'll do the same back or like comment
and favorite it will link to their video
and stay in the truth normal really
wants to see your video that you just
spam do if you know I'll get what about
150 200 messages a day somewhere in
between that on skype alone spam
messages just with people with sending
me their links to their YouTube videos
and telling me to like and comment or
like and favorite and I can come and our
favorite 10-meter subscribe to their
channels and save the trip it's it gets
on my nose it really does Bob me and I
thought I don't see why these people do
it you know maybe they're just looking
to get a bit better views fast you know
we are on that that YouTube fame build
of it views fast you want to get their
likes we don't want to get comments on
the videos you will always we all want
feedback on our videos right we all want
to get views on our videos right come
with me if you don't want to get views
on your videos so you don't want to get
comments and favorites and likes and
subscribers because if you don't off
thank you you're one in about a million
because i'm sure everyone that makes a
video for youtube once it's get views
and once the feedback on that video and
once I like some favorites but one thing
I want to say is spamming spamming is
not the way forward to do it that's not
how you do it I'm sorry but spam with a
link to come and view your video it I
wouldn't get anything from that I'm
sorry but I've just told you that you
like have to go and like my video if you
liked my video you you like it on your
own will don't do it because I'll st.
you to that video and I don't see if
someone's farms your link if you get
found over link or you are the persons
farming should I say if you spam someone
with a link and they come in like and
comment in favorite your video you get
the extra of you you know maybe the view
is good yeah okay the view no problem
they've watched your video but they've
only liked it and they've only liked it
because you told them to they've only
commented because you turn them two in
the morning thing is they're going to
put a love hot in that comment that's
that's what the government is going to
be we all know that right yeah but after
they've comment on your video and liked
it and viewed it the thing is they
didn't watch it and the only like
because you told them to so you don't
even know if they actually did like that
video you don't know if there's anything
you could have improved on on that video
and when people spamming their links on
skype I don't watch them I don't like
them I don't favorite them I'll do not
comment on them and I especially don't
send it around to my friends to watch it
I'm not going to give you a view because
you spare me a link I'm sorry if I know
you then maybe I will if that video is
good it will be viewed without you
having to spam people that link it will
happen you will get the views or the
favorites or comments or likes that you
need or you want you will get it if the
content is good don't spam it around
you're not going to gain anything from
it I don't see what you enjoy reading
the same comment with a little love
heart that's all it's going to be and
knowing that you sent that person to go
and view your video of course everyone
knows comments favorites and likes and
sharing videos that helps you grow but
don't you really want to grow without
telling people and making people do it I
mean grow on your own grow by just
making a good video that people enjoy I
think I think that's a better way of
doing it and more personal opinion
anyway I think that's the best way of
doing it and as for the people that
comment with username with love heart at
the end you know during Christmas time I
think that's that's good this could
spread around a bit of love in the
community that's fine anyway that's the
end of this commentary I'm gonna leave
now next commentary I'm not sure what we
talked about we'll think about saw back
soon Pete's